In this video, we're going to start to discuss interfaces in TypeScript.
So as usual, we'll get a plain definition, some examples and so on.
As a quick aside here, we're going to spend a pretty good amount of time in TypeScript talking about
interfaces.
The interplay between interfaces and classes is how we're going to really get very strong code reuse
when we are writing TypeScript code.
So if you understand interfaces really well, it's going to help you design really excellent applications.
As a matter of fact, the entire second half of this course where we're going to work on a lot of applications
is really going to come down to understanding how we can get interfaces and classes to work together
really, really nicely.
So if you don't understand this first take through interfaces, totally fine, because we're going to
be discussing them quite a bit.
All right.
So with that in mind, let's take a look at a quick definition here.
So when we have interfaces, we are going to write out some amount of code to define a new type inside
of our application.
The goal of this new type is to describe the different property names and the different property types
that that object has.
So when we create an interface, we are creating a new type inside of our application, just the same
way that we have types like string or Boolean or number.
We're creating another new type.
It's a custom type that you and I are going to define.
Understanding interfaces is a lot easier when you have some code in front of you.
So let's do a quick pause right here.
Come back in the next video and start to write out some examples.